\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c $Id: sfxatools.texi,v 1.1.1.1 2005/02/02 10:39:23 aki Exp $
@c %**start of header
@setfilename sfxatools.info
@settitle SfxaTools - suffix array manipulation tools
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@dircategory Application software

@direntry
* sfxatools: (sfxatools).  Suffix array manipulation tools
@end direntry

@ifinfo
Suffix array manipulation tools
This file documents the programs of sfxatools package.

Copyright @copyright{} 2005 Aki Hasegawa, RIKEN.
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@title SfxaTools
@subtitle Suffix array manipulation tools
@subtitle Edition @value{EDITION}, for SfxaTools Version @value{VERSION}
@subtitle $Id: sfxatools.texi,v 1.1.1.1 2005/02/02 10:39:23 aki Exp $
@subtitle @value{UPDATED}
@author by Aki Hasegawa
@author @email{aki@@gsc.riken.jp}

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2005 Aki Hasegawa, RIKEN.
@end titlepage

@node Top, Introduction, , (dir)
@menu
* Introduction::       Introduction.
* Copying::            How you can copy and share @code{sfxatools}.
* Overview::           Preliminary information.
* Sample::             Sample output from @code{sfxatools}.
* Invoking sfxatools:: How to run @code{sfxatools}.
* Problems::           Reporting bugs.
* Concept Index::      Index of concepts.
@end menu

@node Introduction, Copying, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

@node Copying, Overview, Introduction, Top

@node Overview, Sample, Copying, Top

@node Sample, Invoking sfxatools, Overview, Top

@node Invoking sfxatools, Problems, Sample, Top

@node Problems, Concept Index, Invoking sfxatools, Top

@node Concept Index, , Problems, Top

@printindex cp
@contents
@bye
@c sfxatools.texi ends here
